Problem: nativebyteorder is not safe to use (#1050)
crypto-org-chain/cronos: CHANGELOG.md

- [#1029](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/1029) Change config `async-commit` to `async-commit-buffer`, make the channel size configurable.
- [#1034](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/1034) Support memiavl snapshot strategy configuration.
- [#1035](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/1035) Support caching in memiavl directly, ignore inter-block cache silently.

> - (memiavl)[#]() nativebyteorder mode will check endianness on startup, binaries are built with nativebyteorder by default.

Author: ```suggestion
- [#1050](https://github.com/crypto-org-chain/cronos/pull/1050) nativebyteorder mode will check endianness on startup, binaries are built with nativebyteorder by default.
```
